ans 1 using new keyword ;

ans 2: ans create an object in java;

ans 3:there are three types of variables in java

Instance variable:
An instance variable is a variable that is declared 
in a class 
local variable:
 local
 variable is a variable declared within a method 
or a constructor
static variable:
In Java, static variables are also called class variables. 
That is, they belong to a class and not a particular instance.
 As a result, class initialization will initialize
 static variables. In contrast, a class's 
instance will initialize the instance variables


ans 4:
An instance variable is a variable that is declared 
in a class but outside a method while the local
 variable is a variable declared within a method 
or a constructor. Thus, this is the main difference 
between instance variable and local variable.

Instance Variable: These variables are declared within a class but outside a method, constructor, or block and always get a default value.

These variables are usually created when we create an object and are destroyed when the object is destroyed.
We may use an access specifier, for instance, variable, and if no access specifier is specified, then the default access specifier is used.
Each and every object will have its own copy of instance variables.
Example:

class Taxes  
{  
   int count; // Count is an Instance variable  
   /*...*/  
}  
Local Variable: These variables are declared 
within a method but do not get any default value.


They are usually created when we enter a method or constructor 
and are destroyed after exiting the block or when the call
 returns from the method.
Its scope is generally limited to a method and its
 scope starts from the line 
they are declared. Their scope usually remains
 there until the closing curly brace of the method comes.
The initialization of the local variable is mandatory.
Example:

int area()      
{    
        int length = 10; // Local variable          
        int breadth = 5; // Local variable          
        int rectarea = length*breadth; // Local variable          
        return rectarea;          
}  

ans 5:
local variable stack area;
instanc variable heap area;

ans 6:
What do you mean by method overloading?
Method overloading in Java means having 
two or more methods (or functions) in a class
 with the same name and different arguments
 (or parameters). It can be with a different 
number of
 arguments or different data types of
 arguments.
